What 3 topics will my site cover?

I will need a homepage and 2 connected pages

Site Plan
    600 words #DONE
    1 idea per paragraph
        Paragraph headers



Home Page
    Text
        Welcome to my portfolio! This website will showcase all of the different projects that I have made over the course of my
        studies and career in the technical world. Right now the only pages here are the "Home" page, the "Python Programs" page,
        and the "HTML Programs" page. This is because these are the only languages with which I have any measurable experience.
        As I learn more languages, develop more skills, and create more programs, more pages will be added and this website will
        expand and grow. It is a living site! As I am still a student attending college this site is still relatively small.
        However, as I progress through my education I plan to add at least 2-3 projects to this site every year! I would love to
        have potential employers see my website so that they could see the skills and experience that I have. It could also be a 
        potential tool for others as they seek to learn more about coding and the various languages they can use. 


        My name is Michael Holmes. I grew up in North Carolina, but after my family moved to Virginia I began to explore
        the world of coding more. I took classes in middle school where I learned how to program small machines called
        "bo-bots" to follow simple paths and directions of travel. I thought that this was really fun and it was the
        beginning of my interest in the tech world. I would go on to take classes that helped me understand the logic
        built into different computer applications and different functions associated with those applications. Towards the
        end of my time in high school I would take  an engineering class where I worked with binary and some python.
        Unfortunately I no longer have access to those programs! Otherwise they'd be diaplayed on this site! I also took
        a class called "Advanced Technologies where I was exposed to html and css for the first time. Again I no
        longer have access to those programs because they became the property of the school. I was even able to take a 
        brief Python seminar. All of these classes involved some sort of coding that increased my interest in the field. After
        serving a two year mission for my church I returned to school and the programming world. And I intend to stay!
    2 images

Python Programs
    Text
        The purpose of this page will be to store the various python programs that I have ever written. Whether for school or for
        work. I will also provide brief descrptions of what each program does and why I created it. The importance of programs is
        not only their function, but also the principles that are used in them. If you do not learn from the programs you create
        then there is almost no reason for their creation. Therefore, in addition to displaying the programs I have created, I will
        also be displaying the purpose for their creation, and the best principles and fundemental skills that I used in the process
        of making them! I hope that adding these principles will not only show what I really know, but also help others to understand
        Pytohn should they find my page.
    2 images

HTML/CSS Programs
    Text
        The purpose of this page is very similar to the "Python Programs" page. The only difference is the languages that will be displayed.
        I still will display the programs that I created. I will still explain the reason they were created, whether for work or for school,
        or any other reason. And I will continue to explain the different principles that I used to show exactly what I know when using this
        language. Because this page will be showcasing both HTML as well as CSS I will be displaying them side by side with similar breaksdowns.
        They will have the same reason for being created, but I will speak of each independantly when explaining the different principles used. 

    2 images
